>> Jen Kramer: So the validator is
something that I should tell you
about right now.
The validator is a really important
thing that will check your HTML and
make sure that you didn't
make any mistakes.
[NOISE] How cool is that?
A mistake checker, okay?
So let's look at how this works.
>> Jen Kramer: So this is the link
right from our lecture notes,
just before exercises,
this is validator.w3.org,
and if you hop on into here,
this is the W3C.
These are the people who write all
the specifications for the web.
These are the ones who create all the
standards, such that web browsers work,
that we write code that is understandable,
these are the guys that establish it.
And they are going to,
probably the best way for
you to do this today is just
validate by direct input.
So here on this webpage,
come to Validate by Direct Input,
and then you can go to your code,
highlight it all, copy it.
>> Jen Kramer: Paste it into your box.
>> Jen Kramer: And say Check, and
it's gonna check your HTML, and
see if you made any mistakes.
Now this is gonna tell me that
I didn't make any mistakes.
So, yay.
All right?
But the validator has limitations.
What are its limitations?
Can anyone think of limitations that
a robot might have in looking at code?
Yes.
>> Speaker 2: Misspelling.
>> Jen Kramer: It's not gonna
catch your misspellings.
It is not a spell checker.
What else?
Is it gonna catch bad file paths?
>> Speaker 3: Probably not.
>> Jen Kramer: Nope.
It could care less what
your file paths are.
It's not gonna check those.
Is it gonna check that you used
the right tag, that you used
an ordered list where you should, or
un ordered list where you should?
Is it gonna catch that?
Nope.
It's just gonna say yep,
it looks like a list.
You wrote it correctly.
Good job.
So there are some limitations here, but
if you get stuck writing your HTML,
the very first thing I tell you to
do is to check and make sure you
haven't made any mistakes, and this is
a very quick and easy way of doing it.
Sometimes it'll find that tag you didn't
close, or the misspelling that you
have in your tag, a misspelled attributes,
that'll find an answer for you.
Makes sense?